 That's your. Supreme God divine Father divine Mother, thank you for your prizes, blessings for your divine light, divine love, divine guidance, divine love and mercy. In a healing and physical healing, thank you for the inner strength to practice regularly. Thank you for the blessing of divine guidance, divine help and divine protection or illumination for abundance or prosperity with thank you. To our great spiritual teacher, to all the great spiritual teachers, to all the great gods and goddesses, to all the great-great ones, be very, very humbly thank you for your great blessings. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Beware of the heart chakra and the crown chakra. Wervily say, Lord God, thank you for filling my heart chakra and my crown chakra with tremendous energy of love, joy and peace from my higher self. Thank you. Again, say, Lord God, thank you for filling my heart and my crown chakra with tremendous energy of love, joy and peace from my higher self. Thank you. Wervily say, I am that I am, I am not the body, I am not the emotions or the thoughts, I am not the mind. The mind is just an instrument of the soul. I am the soul. My soul, I am connected in one with my higher soul. I am connected in one with my higher soul. I am connected in one with the Divine Spark within me. I am connected in one with God, connected in one with all. This is a truth regardless of the capacity of my brain to experience the truth. I am that I am. Wervily say, Lord God, thank you for blessing me with awareness, self honesty and the will to transform myself. Again, say, Lord God, thank you for blessing me with awareness, with self honesty and the will to transform myself. Once more, please repeat. Lord God, thank you for blessing me with awareness, with self honesty and the will to transform myself. I thank you, I thank you, I thank you so much. Say, Supreme God, we very, very, humbly thank you for every gift that comes from you in all forms. Whether it pleases us or it does not pleases us, we are very grateful to you for everything. We are very, very grateful to you. Our heart is always in gratitude to whatever comes from you in whichever form. Thank you, Supreme God, thank you so much. Today we will continue with the forgiveness as done last time. We will go to the grandparents, start from them today. Be aware of your father's side grandparents, the grandfather from the father's side. Imagine them in front of you. If you don't know the intent, be aware of the heart and the crown chakra, protect energy of love and energy of forgiveness for everyone that you will forgive. All right? To your grandfather, please say, I forgive you, I forgive you, I forgive you, I forgive you, I forgive you and I forgive you completely. Please forgive me, please forgive me. Please forgive me, please forgive me please forgive me I forgive, I forgive you, I forgive, I completely forgive you child.. Please believe my energy system Please leave my energy system. I forgive you completely. Please forgive me. Also please leave my energy system. I thank you. I thank you. I thank you. Thank you. Let's go to your mother, sorry, your grandmother, on the father's side. But we'll say I forgive you. I forgive you. I forgive you. And I forgive you. Please forgive me. Please forgive me. Please forgive me. Please forgive me. I completely, completely forgive you. grandmother, I forgive you completely. Please forgive me also. Please forgive me. Please forgive me. Remember you're talking to a soul and not just a body with a mind, okay? Say, I forgive you. I forgive you. Please, please, please, go away from my energy system. Leave my energy system. Please leave my energy system. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Please leave my energy system. Please leave my energy system. Thank you. I forgive you. I am very hungry for forgiveness also. Thank you. Please permanently leave my naïve assistant. Thank you. Your mother's side, the grandfather, Kolnanadi, I am probably up to my own say. I forgive you. I forgive you. I forgive you. Maintenance, deepness also when you are doing this practice, it helps you get tremendous amount of energy. Say, I forgive you. I forgive you. Please forgive me. I forgive you. I completely, completely forgive you. Please leave my naïve assistant. I completely forgive you. Please forgive me. I forgive you. Please forgive me. I forgive you. I thank you so much. Thank you. The mother side mother, which is your naïve, your grandmother from the mother side, say, I forgive you. Keep rejecting love and forgiveness for everyone. Say, I forgive you. I forgive you and I forgive you completely. I forgive you. I forgive you. I forgive you. I forgive you. I forgive you. I forgive you completely. I completely forgive you. I forgive you. Please forgive me. Please forgive me. Please forgive me. Please forgive me. Please forgive me. I am sorry for whatever I have done. Please forgive me. Please forgive me. Please forgive me. Please leave my energy system. Please leave my energy system now, now, now, now. Please leave my energy system now. So we are so great. Now, we will take some relatives, but not by a relation of my name, but by whatever, like top three relatives, whatever faces come to your mind that you may need to forgive or seek forgiveness from, take them okay. Relative number one. Imagine them in front of you. Very beautifully. I forgive you. I forgive you. I forgive you. Keep your heart in love. Keep your heart in forgiveness. I forgive you. I completely forgive you. Please forgive me also. Please forgive me also. I completely forgive you. I completely forgive you. Please forgive me. Please forgive me. Please forgive me. Please leave my energy system. Now, please leave my energy system. Please leave my energy system now. Please leave my energy system now. Please leave my energy system now. Immediately now, I forgive you. I forgive you. I forgive you. Please forgive me also. Please forgive me also. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Relative number two. In your mind. To that soul, please say, I forgive you. I forgive you. I forgive you. I forgive you. I forgive you. I completely completely forgive you. Please forgive me also. Please, please forgive me also. I very, very happy. I fully forgive you. Please forgive me also. Please forgive me also. . Please forgive me. Please forgive me. Please leave or get out of my energy system. Leave my energy system. Get out now. Please leave my energy system now. Get out of my energy system. Please. Thank you. I forgive you completely. Thank you. Thank you. Now, third or it is whatever face pops up in your mind. Say, I forgive you. I forgive you. I forgive you. And I forgive you. I very, very hungry. Forgive you. Please forgive me also. Please forgive me also. Please forgive me. Please forgive me. Please forgive me. Listen to me please forgive me. I very, very hungry. Forgive you. I forgive you. I forgive you. There, there, there, there... I forgive you, I forgive you, I forgive you, please forgive me. Please forgive me, please forgive me. Please leave my energy system now. Please leave my energy system now. Please leave my energy system now. So be it. Be it peace for a few minutes. Be it peace for a few moments. See how it feels. See how calm and peaceful the mind actually is. No waves, no repels. A really calm mind. Yeah. Let's do a close-in indication that the Supreme God divine Father, the Divine Mother, thank you for your great blessings. Thank you so much. To have a great spiritual teacher, to all the great spiritual teachers, to all the great gods and goddesses, to all the great great ones. Very, very, very hungry. Thank you for your great blessings. We thank you. We thank you. We thank you so much. I hope you have had great fun. I am feeling much, much better, so much more lighter. And we will see you tomorrow. Tomorrow is Saturday. Saturday will be study. So see you tomorrow. Take care. God bless all of you. Bye-bye. Adma namaste. Happy Recksevandhand everybody. Happy Recksevandhand. Take care. Thank you. Bye-bye.